# quotes
Alıntılar

I cannot always be satisfied with one aspect of my life. I do also have a lack of acceptance. Period of 25 years without a break in my studies I learned both material and spiritual sciences. (IHL: Religious Vocational High School, Electronics, Physics, MSc.: Master of Science in Physics-2001) and Doctor of Philosophy (PhD.) I finished the lessons-2003). I worked as a teacher in various schools and institutions and programmers. I worked as a company manager. I was taught as a lecturer at a university in the years 2010-2014. I teach 4,500 students from all levels of education. I bought official five university courses, we followed informal the course of one university and one institute. I presented papers at the University. National (scientific, newspapers, magazines, TV, websites, books) and it was our international scientific publications.

When we started doing this gradually our own experiences, we have seen some similarities shortcomings. One of these two aspects in particular and knowing their thoughts and writings in Turkey is the presence of both science writer could lead to eager youngsters. In verbal and social sciences that need a little bit relieved, but still continues, though obviously in numerical and science. There is old information is already known by many people. This information will provide benefits for today and for the future and how we can use what is important to them.

The whole world in the construction of the changing ideas of right or wrong comment because of the specific research we are ignoring them, fearing that we understand, hand, alien, what turned our foreigner invented the saying back to ourselves, cannot have a service nor humanity homeland. Which was immaculate with every aspect of the Prophet Muhammad (SaaS, pbuh) who deal with the importance given to knowledge and wisdom we cannot ignore the trends are emerging. All scientific disciplines are brought together an amazing understanding as a weight in their fields, culture, and civilization arises. How should endeavour both to produce existing values we should use in the best way and the new value, as will the city of Bolu, such as oxygen and to be in abundant ambient air of being a living in a dirty environment, we need to show the way for both future generations. The existing information and knowledge to the importance of collation experience, opportunities are needed both environments. Our elder quatrains with a spiritual eye of an educator to lead the new generation has said how beautifull “… Ne kadar söz varsa düne âid, Şimdi yeni şeyler söylemek lâzım. (… A lot of words about yesterday, Now, must say new things.) Mevlânâ Celâleddîn-i Rûmî - Mawlana Jalaladdin-i Rumi (rha.)

Mawlana Jalaladdin-i Rumi (rha.) Is not saying something completely new at all of the former is to emphasize here that we continue to progress by adding new information on the former. This is the perspective (viewpoint) that combines past and future is needed to hear. This will also keep both the history as we know today as well as light, wisdom, the wisdom of the front passenger is with the lighting. Today the world is a "global village" because I am still willing to come to address issues concerning the world of today’s more contemporary politics, or local events.

Turkey is a rapidly growing, evolving and world leaders in the running to take the place it deserves and you have a background in both eyes filled with kinetic and the potential energy of the owner. Of course, it is inevitable that we have contributed to this rise. Located in the same place for it instead of us the same, just that we have a similar mood and spiritual condition. Master Bayazid Bastami’s (rha.) is very deep and thought-provoking, finish with a promise of a pleasant contemplation “The thing we tell of can never be found by seeking, yet only seekers find it (There is no way of searching for truth. But who are the only caller).” Bayazid Bastami

You have the finds from both seeking to discuss in our next article with the hope...

Mehmet Keçeci
